SORA v0.1.1 (2020/Jul/30)
=========================

New Features
------------

sora.config
^^^^^^^^^^^

- Module to verify if kwargs are allowed was created. This was included throughout the code. [:issue:`8`]

sora.extra
^^^^^^^^^^

- Added a parameter that allows the used to plot a dot corresponding
  the center of the ellipse [:issue:`35`]

sora.lightcurve
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Property LightCurve.time_mean that returns the mean time of the chord (positive) or
  the mean time of the observation (negative). [:issue:`34`]

sora.observer
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Function Observer.altaz() that calculates the altitude and azimuth for a given target
  and instant. [:issue:`34`]

sora.prediction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Four new parameters were added to `plot_occ_map()`: `path`: for the user to select
  a directory where to save the plots; `site_name`: If True, the name of the sites
  will be plotted; `chord_delta` and `chord_geo`: for the user to plot the path of
  a chord from distance of the center or passing by some coordinate, respectively. [:issue:`35`]

- Two methods were added to `PredictionTable()` to help the user to remove bad events
  from table: `keep_from_selected_images()` and `remove_occ()`. [:issue:`35`]


API Changes
-----------

sora.config
^^^^^^^^^^^

- config module is now a directory. It now includes a module with decorators
  and another for variables. [:issue:`31, 35`]

sora.ephem
^^^^^^^^^^

- In EphemKernel, `code` argument was replaced by `spkid`. When using 'code',
  a FutureWarning is raised stating `code` as deprecated and will be removed from v1.0. [:issue:`26`]

sora.lightcurve
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- In LightCurve.immersion and LightCurve.emersion, an error will rise when these values were not
  instanciated or fitted. [:issue:`34`]

- Now the user has the possibility to redefine `tref`, `immersion`, `emersion`,
  `initial_time` and `end_time` after instantiated. [:issue:`35`]

- `lambda_0` argument was replaced by `central_bandpass` and `delta_lambda` by `delta_bandpass`.
  When using 'lambda_0' or `delta_lambda`, a FutureWarning is raised stating `lambda_0` or `delta_lambda`
  as deprecated and will be removed from v1.0. [:issue:`36`]

sora.occultation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Occultation.new_astrometric_positions() now shows a warning when time is far
  by more than 1 day from the occultation closest approach. [:issue:`21`]

- Occultation.to_log() and print(Occultation) added the polar radius, equivalent radius,
  the Sun-Geocenter-Target angle and the Moon-Geocenter-Target angle, geocentric albedo,
  the altitude and azimuth of the target for each Observer. [:issue:`17`]

- In `fit_ellipse()`, `pos_angle` and `dpos_angle` were deprecated in favor of
  `position_angle` and `dposition_angle`. [:issue:`35`]

- Changed "GCRS" to "Geocentric" in the string representation to avoid confusion
  about the reference frame. [:issue:`35`]

sora.prediction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- prediction() now calculates the ephemeris inside each division to avoid memory overflow. [:issue:`31`]

- PredictionTable.to_ow() will now raise a warning if the radius or the error of
  the ephemeris is not present. [:issue:`35`]

sora.star
^^^^^^^^^

- Now Star downloads all parameters from Gaia and saves them in the `meta_gaia` attribute [:issue:`35`]


Bug Fixes
---------

sora.ephem
^^^^^^^^^^

- Added function get_position() to EphemPlanete. This corrects a bug that prevented
  Occultation to run with EphemPlanete. [:issue:`41`]

- Fixed bug in EphemJPL where `id_type` was redefined inside __init__(). [:issue:`41`]

sora.lightcurve
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed error that appears when the fit was done separately (immersion and emersion times).
  Now the final model agrees with the fitted values.   [:issue:`9`]

- Fixed error when the file with the light curve has three columns. [:issue:`19`]

- Fixed error when the exptime within the LightCurve was set as zero or negative. [:issue:`23`]

- Fixed error in the automatic mode of LightCurve.normalize(). [:issue:`34`]

- Fixed bug that was raised in LightCurve.log() when there were no initial or end times
  for lightcurves instantiated with immersion and emersion. [:issue:`35`]

sora.occultation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Corrected error calculation using err = sqrt(star_err^2 + fit_err^2) [:issue:`18`]

- Occultation.plot_occ_map() now uses the fitted ellipse to calculate the projected shadow radius [:issue:`22`]

- Corrected bug that raised an error when calling Occultation.get_map_sites()
  and there were no observation added to Occultation. [:issue:`31`]

- Corrected bug that did not save the fitted params in all occultations when
  more than one occultation was used in fit_ellipse(). [:issue:`35`]

- Added `axis_labels` and `lw` (linewidth) to Occultation.plot_chords(). [:issue:`35`]

sora.prediction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed error that was generated when only one prediction was found. [:issue:`16`]

- Fixed error in the output format of PredictionTable.to_ow() when coordinate was positive [:issue:`35`]