SORA v0.2.1 (2021/Aug/30)
=========================

New Features
------------

sora.body
^^^^^^^^^

- Added function "Body.to_log()". [:issue:`65`]

sora.extra
^^^^^^^^^^

- Added function "ChiSquare.to_log()". [:issue:`65`]

sora.observer
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Added function "Observer.to_log()". [:issue:`65`]

sora.occultation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Added plot function "Occultation.plot_radial_dispersion()". [:issue:`65`]
- Added functions that calculates the geometric albedo [:issue:`65`]

sora.prediction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Added new parameter "site_box_alpha" to plot map. [:issue:`65`]

sora.star
^^^^^^^^^

- Added function "Star.to_log()". [:issue:`65`]
- Added function that corrects the Gaia-EDR3 proper motion as suggested by
  Cantat-Gaudin and Brandt (2021) [:issue:`65`]

API Changes
-----------

sora.occultation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Occultation.check_velocities() now calculates the normal velocity considering the ellipse
  fitted in fit_ellipse replacing the radial velocity. [:issue:`66`]

sora.star
^^^^^^^^^

- Added warning for Gaia stars with a high RUWE or Duplicity flag, indicating a possible issue
  with this star's astrometry. [:issue:`65`]

Bug Fixes
---------

- Updated versions of dependencies to avoid bug caused by conflict between them [:issue:`67`]

sora.body
^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed wrong albedos in satdb. [:issue:`66`]

sora.ephem
^^^^^^^^^^

- Added argument "meta" in "EphemHorizons", thus fixing a bug when predicting with
  this class. [:issue:`65`]

- Fixed bug when radius is inputted in the ephem classes. [:issue:`67`]

sora.lightcurve
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Debuging "LightCurve.to_file()" and "LightCurve.plot_model()". [:issue:`65`]

- Fixed bug where LightCurve did not read occultation parameters if a flux or file
  was not provided. [:issue:`66`]

sora.occultation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed bug that overwrote occultation parameters in the LightCurve when added to
  the ChordList. [:issue:`66`]

- Fixed bug that prevented the user to ignore the chord name as labels when
  plotting the chords. [:issue:`66`]

- Fixed bug that prevented Occultation instantiation if the size of the star
  can not be determined [:issue:`67`]

sora.prediction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Added white "facecolor" to occultation maps. [:issue:`65`]

- Fixed MAJOR bug that inverted the shadow velocity in some cases. [:issue:`66`]

- Fixed bug in the occultation map that did not plot the direction arrow in some
  cases when cartopy>=0.18. [:issue:`67`]