SORA v0.3.1 (2024/Mar/19)
=========================

New Features
------------

sora.lightcurve
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Included `sigma_model` to the LightCurve fit. [:issue:`87`]

sora.occultation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Now it is possible to obtain the final astrometri position considering
  the relative light deflection between the body and the star caused only by the Sun.
  This feature can be only used in the method `new_astrometric_position` of the
  Occultation object. It does not change chord projection. [:issue:`84`]

sora.prediction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Included the possibility to change the marker formats of sites when
  plotting the occultation maps.  [:issue:`87`]

sora.star
^^^^^^^^^

- Included USNO Bright Star Catalogue in the default list of catalogues.

API Changes
-----------

sora.lightcurve
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Default method in fitting changed from least squares to chi sqrares. [:issue:`87`]

Bug Fixes
---------

sora.body
^^^^^^^^^

- Fixes a bug that did not properly read OBJ files in some cases [:issue:`84`]

- Removed numpy.float as it is deprecated in numpy. [:issue:`84`]

- Removed cache from SBDB as it may not get new data from the webserver. [:issue:`84`]

- Fixes a problem caused by the update of Shapely to v2.0. [:issue:`84`]

- Fixes orientation parametes for some satellites and asteroids from Archinal
  where the longitude was counted in the wrong direction. [:issue:`84`]

- Fixed orientation issue between shape and frame.

- Included a safeguard when reading pole coordinates from SBDB to not cause an issue
  if the format is different from expected.

sora.prediction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed problem in occultation maps where the error bars were not plotted outsid Earth. [:issue:`84`]