SORA v0.3.2 (2025/Fev/06)
=======================

New Features
------------

sora.occultation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Included `model_error` in 3D limb fitting. [:issue:`97`]

API Changes
-----------

sora.body
^^^^^^^^^

- Added a warning message stating that the `getBSPfromJPL` function is
  no longer working due to changes in the JPL query service.

sora.prediction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Removed a large number of warning messages in predictions and map plotting
  related to polar motion. [:issue:`96`]

- Now, when saving a map to a folder, if the folder does not exists,
  it is created. [:issue:`96`]

sora.star
^^^^^^^^^

- The are of search for a single star was reduced to 1 arcsec to prevent
  selecting stars too often. [:issue:`96`]

- Added disclaimer message and warning related the correct use of the
  opacity parameter within LightCurve. [:issue:`97`]

Bug Fixes
---------

sora.body
^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed issue with geometries being merged using Shapely's unary_union. Often,
  when geometries have overlapping or intersecting regions, that creates a
  "side location conflict" preventing a successful union. [:issue:`94`]

- Refactor deprecated astropy function `get_moon` and `get_sun` to `get_body`.
  Now it is required Astropy >= 7.0. [:issue:`95`]

- Fixed error when reading the error bar from SBDB if it has two values
  separated by a "/". [:issue:`96`]

- Fixed error when printing the Body if it does not have a pre-defined
  spectral type. [:issue:`96`]

- Removed the deprecated astropy `matrix_product` function. Replaced by `@`.

sora.lightcurve
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fixed error when reading a large file in LightCurve. The time of reading
  the file was too long. [:issue:`97`]

sora.occultation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Move the definition of the Sun in `utils.py` to the specific light deflection
  function to prevent error when offline. [:issue:`96`]

sora.star
^^^^^^^^^

- Included default parameters that prevented the Star module from being used
  from local information. [:issue:`96`]
